Java 11 updates -
After java 9, java Version Life time is of 6 month. A Long Term Support every 3 years. First Version
to provide LTS is Java 11 (18.9 LTS).
Oracle stops Java 8 support from January 2019. You’ll need to pay for more support.
You can continue using it, but won’t get any patches/security updates.
Starting Java11 Oracle JDK is restricted to development and testing environments. Oracle JDKs may only
be used in production if you buy the commercial support. Instead, Oracle will provide Java builds 
based on OpenJDK for free which can be used in production 

1) String methods - 
   isBlank() – Returns true if String is empty or it contains only white spaces.
   lines() – Returns a stream of strings, which is collection of all substrings split by lines.
   strip() – Removes the white spaces from both beginning and end of string. 
   stripLeading() – Removes white spaces from the beginning.
   stripTrailing()  - Removes white spaces from end.
   repeat(int) – Repeats the string that many times given as a parameter

   
2) Running Java file using single command. You don’t need to compile java source file using javac. 
   You can directly run the file with ‘java’ command and it implicitly compiles.
   java <filename>.java
   No class file is created.
  
3) File reading and writing - 
   writeString() – Used to write String contents to the file. Characters are encoded into bytes using
                   the specified character set. Default is UTF 8.
   readString() – Used to read all contents from a file into a string, decoding from bytes to 
                  characters using the UTF-8 charset. The method also ensures that the file is closed 
                  when all content has been read or an I/O error, or other runtime exception, is 
                  thrown.
                  
4) Not Predicate -
   This method is used to return a predicate, which is the negation of supplied predicate.

5) Optional isEmpty -
   This method is used to return true if the value is not present, and, otherwise, it returns false.
      
